---
title: "Scaling Logi Info Applications"
id: 4419707832343
section: "Install, Upgrade, & Remove - Logi Info v14"
category: "Logi Info"
url: https://devnet.logianalytics.com/hc/en-us/articles/4419707832343-Scaling-Logi-Info-Applications
updated_at: 2022-07-17T02:06:15Z
---

# Scaling Logi Info Applications

# Scaling Logi Info Applications

Logi Info can be deployed to clustered environments on premise or in the cloud. This topic outlines how to prepare a Logi Info deployment for scaling with user demand and greater data volumes over time.

## Considerations

While Info applications can adapt for vertical or horizontal scaling, Logi recommends a horizontal scaling approach. The following items are crucial for planning a Logi Info deployment for horizontal scaling:

1. **Sticky Session Configuration is Recommended** – Some application features function best in a load-balanced environment in which user sessions are “sticky” to the server on which they originate.
2. **Some Application Resources are Shared** – Saved Dashboard configurations (known as Bookmarks) and other key items, such as reference files generated by Logi’s SecureKey SSO method, should be stored on a network share or in a database accessible to all servers in a cluster hosting the Logi Info application.
3. **For Autoscaling, Scheduling is Recommended** - Common patterns include usage surge over weekday mornings when users get into office and nightly scheduled report generations. Multi-threaded requests increase CPU usage, and can result in unnecessary VMs being provisioned when using an auto-scaling algorithm.
4. **Embedding** – If using the Logi Embedded API, the parent app should provide the load balanced URL to client browser.
5. **Scheduling** – Logi Scheduler is a standalone service that can be scaled independently. However, typical recommendation is to install one scheduler per production environment.
6. **Upgrading** – When upgrading Logi info, all load balanced environments will need to be updated.

## Configuring for Load Balancing

The following checklist can be used when deploying to a node in a load balanced environment for the first time. This process can be automated as part of a larger Dev/Ops process to increase productivity.

* **Prepare Server(s)** – Install preferred IIS or Java web server container. Size servers for planned load and verify that each node is networked to other environment dependencies including data sources and file shares.
* **Install add-on services like Logi Scheduler** – Where scheduling capabilities are required, the Scheduler service will need to be installed separately.
* **Deploy Logi Info application** – Promote the application and relevant support files from a staging environment.
* **Configure Settings** – Some Logi application settings are environment specific such as license file location, IP ranges for SSO configuration and potentially data source connections. Values for these settings can be dynamically set in an automated process.

For more information, see [Load Balancing Configuration](https://devnet.logianalytics.com/hc/en-us/articles/4419707733783-Load-Balancing-Configuration).
