---
title: "REST Updates"
id: 5281630703255
section: "REST Web Service API"
category: "Exago"
url: https://devnet.logianalytics.com/hc/en-us/articles/5281630703255-REST-Updates
updated_at: 2022-05-03T22:07:46Z
---

# REST Updates

# REST Updates

This topic logs changes made in the **REST Web Service API** as they are made for handy reference.

## *v2022.1.0*

* [REST — Parameters](https://devnet.logianalytics.com/hc/en-us/articles/5281661027479-REST-Parameters) now support multiple values. To accommodate this new functionality, two new properties are added to the [Parameter JSON](https://devnet.logianalytics.com/hc/en-us/articles/5281661027479-REST-Parameters#Paramete) object: **IsMultipleValue** and **Values**

## *v2021.1.15*

* A new `ParentJobId` field has been added to the **[Schedule JSON](https://devnet.logianalytics.com/hc/en-us/articles/5281646521623-REST-SchedulesV2#Schedule)** and **[ScheduleListItem JSON](https://devnet.logianalytics.com/hc/en-us/articles/5281646521623-REST-SchedulesV2#Schedule2)** objects in the [REST — SchedulesV2](https://devnet.logianalytics.com/hc/en-us/articles/5281646521623-REST-SchedulesV2) endpoint

## *v2021.1.1*

* The new **/rest/SchedulesV2/** endpoints replace the **/rest/Schedules/** endpoints.

## *v2021.1.0*

* Reports may now be loaded with their ID in lieu of their report path.
  + The `Id` property of the Report JSON object in **/rest/Sessions/** is now writable so that a report can be called by its ID
* The following properties were added to the Node JSON object in **/rest/Reports/List**:
  + `content_id`
  + `content_type`
  + `report_type`
  + `access_flags`

## *v2020.1.13*

* The new **/rest/SchedulesV2/** endpoints replace the **/rest/Schedules/** endpoints.

## *v2020.1.0*

* New **/rest/StorageMgmt** endpoint added for the configuration of Storage Management settings and identity keys.

## *v2019.2.29*

* The new **/rest/SchedulesV2/** endpoints replace the **/rest/Schedules/** endpoints.

## *v2019.2.0*

* New **/rest/Schedules** endpoints added.

## *v2019.1.13*

* **POST** method added to [List Data Field Properties](https://devnet.logianalytics.com/hc/en-us/articles/5281637743511-REST-Data-Objects#List)
* **SchemaAccessType** property added to the **Entities** object.
* The following properties were added to **/Entities/{Id}/Fields**:
  + `Value`
  + `Description`
  + `ColumnSource`
  + `SortAndGroupBy`
* The **IsFilterable** property was renamed **Filterable** in **/Entities/{Id}/Fields**.

## *v2018.1.1*

* Added **Batch** endpoint.

## *v2018.1*

* **AllowReportCustomSQLObjects** property added to **/rest/Roles/Settings** endpoint.
* The following properties were added to the **/rest/Settings** endpoint:
  + `DbRowLimitParamName`
  + `DbRowRangeStartParamName`
  + `DbRowRangeEndParamName`
  + `ExpressviewJoinAlgorithm`
  + `ExcludeDataSourcesReportCustomSQL`
  + `LoadAssemblyInExternalDomain`

## *v2017.2*

* The **MinArgs** and **MaxArgs** properties of **Functions** endpoints were deprecated, and are no longer readable or writable.
* **Data Field** resource can now specify whether fields support only static or only dynamic filters.

## *v2017.1.2*

* **Parameters** property added to **Entities** endpoint.

## *v2017.1*

* **IsShowAdvancedReports** property added to **Settings** endpoint. This is the same as **IsShowStandardReports**.

## *v2016.3.4*

* New API Action types added to **Sessions** endpoint: **ScheduleReport**,  **ScheduledReportsManager**, **NewExpressView**.
* Report Load Errors property added to **ReportSettings** object of **Sessions** endpoint.
* More config settings now available through **Settings** endpoint.
* Direct execution of reports via **Reports/Execute** endpoint now supports *Pdf*, *Rtf* and *Excel* for all reports, and JSON for **Standard** and **Express** reports.

## *v2016.3.3*

* Added the ability to add and modify filters on the active report.
