---
title: "Glossary"
id: 12528224699927
section: "Glossary Acknowledgments and Series 6 Links"
category: "Izenda"
url: https://devnet.logianalytics.com/hc/en-us/articles/12528224699927-Glossary
updated_at: 2023-02-19T08:35:50Z
---

# Glossary

[Skip To Main Content](#)

Account

Settings

---

Logout

* placeholder

Account

Settings

---

Logout

Filter: 

* All Files

Submit Search

# Glossary

back-end
:   One of the two installation packages. The back-end reads and computes report data.

calculated field
:   A user-defined field whose value is calculated on-the-fly from other data source or calculated fields.

category
:   A user-defined grouping of reports or dashboards with a custom name.

chart
:   A built-in type of report part that displays data using graphical symbols, such as bars in a bar chart, lines in a line chart, or slices in a pie chart.

common filter
:   A filter present in all report parts included in a dashboard that will appear in the filter section of that dashboard.

configuration database
:   The database where Izenda stores all relevant reporting data. It is set up during the installation process and can be hosted on various types of databases.

copy console
:   A command-line tool to copy templates, reports and dashboards from one Izenda Configuration database to another.

copy management
:   A UI page to copy templates, reports and dashboards within the same configuration database (eg. copying a report from one tenant to another).

cross filtering
:   The option to filter data of two or more report parts together. Drilling down a report part will also drill down other report parts in the same report/dashboard that are selected for cross filtering.

custom view
:   A user-defined view, which allows user to limit [data source fields](#term-data-source-field), combine fields from multiple [data sources](#term-data-source) or aggregate data into the result view.

dashboard part
:   A dashboard area that holds a [report part](#term-report-part).

data source
:   A database table, view or stored procedure, which can be selected for query inside a report.

data source category
:   A user-defined grouping of data sources with a custom name.

data source field
:   A field inside database table or view, or a stored procedure parameter, which can be selected for display, calculation or filter inside a report

database mapping
:   A user-specified link from a system connection to a tenant connection, so that a [global report](#term-global-report) based on the system connection can also run for the tenant using the mapped tenant connection.

form
:   A built-in type of report part that allows WYSIWYG editting in HTML.

front-end
:   One of the two installation packages. The front-end shows the user interface and draws report.

Fusion
:   The Izenda database query engine, which leverages asynchronous querying in tandem with in memory query tree and map reduce technologies. This enables fast cross database querying and multi-step calculations. See [Izenda Fusion](https://devnet.logianalytics.com/hc/en-us/articles/12528224474519-Query-Performance#izenda-fusion).

gauge
:   A built-in type of report part that displays data using a speedometer.

global report
:   A system report saved in the special section “Global Categories”, accessible and runnable to tenants having [database mapping](#term-database-mapping) to the system connection. See [Global Report Setup Guide](https://devnet.logianalytics.com/hc/en-us/articles/12528284237719-Global-Report-Setup-Guide).

grid
:   A built-in type of report part that displays data in a tabular format

IAdHocExtension
:   A programming interface (abstract type) that defines the extension APIs that allows customization code to hook in the report life cycle. See [IAdHocExtension](https://devnet.logianalytics.com/hc/en-us/articles/12528223478807-IAdHocExtension).

map
:   A built-in type of report part that displays data on geographic maps, ranging from world map to continent and country maps.

no lock
:   A performance option that instructs the database engine to return the current version of data immediately, instead of waiting for all pending transactions to complete. Check the possible consequences [here](https://www.izenda.com/blog/high-performance-sql-views-using-withnolock/) before using this option.

offline mode
:   Izenda license mode where the license key is validated using a token.

online mode
:   Izenda license mode where the license key is validated by connecting to a remote license server.

password link
:   A short-expiry url uniquely created from the user information, which is used to open the password setup page.

query source category
:   A grouping of data sources in the physical database, which is usually called **schema** in most database vendors.

report part
:   A report area that holds a specific bar chart, line chart, pie chart, map, data grid, etc.

system variable
:   A named place-holder that will be replaced by actual values while being used. See [Izenda System Variables](https://devnet.logianalytics.com/hc/en-us/articles/12528281004311-Izenda-System-Variables).

template
:   A pre-built report that serves as a medium to create quick ad-hoc reports. See [Using Templates](https://devnet.logianalytics.com/hc/en-us/articles/12528300075031-Using-Templates).
