---
title: "Divisions"
id: 4406818112791
section: "Developer Tools - Logi Info v12"
category: "Logi Info"
url: https://devnet.logianalytics.com/hc/en-us/articles/4406818112791-Divisions
updated_at: 2022-04-06T06:10:16Z
---

# Divisions

# Divisions

Developers can use the **Division** element in their Logi reporting applications to contain and organize groups of elements within a report. The Division element makes working with groups of element in Studio easier and provides the ability to dynamically apply style classes, or to show and hide report sections.

The following topics discuss the Division element and techniques for its use:

* [Hiding/Showing Report Sections Using Conditions](https://devnet.logianalytics.com/hc/en-us/articles/4406822641431-Hiding-Showing-Report-Sections-Using-Conditions#Conditions)
* [Hiding/Showing Report Sections Using Show Modes](https://devnet.logianalytics.com/hc/en-us/articles/4406818110743-Hiding-Showing-Report-Sections-Using-Show-Modes#ShowModes)
* [Hiding/Showing Report Sections Using Security Rights](https://devnet.logianalytics.com/hc/en-us/articles/4406818109719-Hiding-Showing-Report-Sections-Using-Security-Rights#Rights)
* [Hiding/Showing Report Sections Using Action.Refresh Element](https://devnet.logianalytics.com/hc/en-us/articles/4406818111767-Hiding-Showing-Report-Sections-Using-Action-Refresh-Element#Refresh)

## About the Division Element

In Studio, the **Division** element functions as a "container" for other elements. It's a parent element that can have a wide range of child elements.

The presence of a Division element normally causes a set of HTML <SPAN> tags to be generated when the report is run. However, the element has an attribute that allows <DIV> tags to be generated instead. Generally, the DIV tag is considered a "block" container and SPAN an "in-line" container. A DIV tag also automatically produces a **Line Break** after it.

You can assign a style class to a Division element and, as a container, that class will affect all of the Division's child elements. For example, a style class that sets a *font size* can be applied once, to a Division element, and all of the elements the Division contains will also use that font size (unless individually overridden).

Divisions can be also be used as an *organizing* entity. Report sections, containing any number of elements, can be placed within a Division. Then the Division can be shown or hidden, using dynamic criteria, causing the section to appear or disappear in the report. This provides tremendous flexibility and can be used to reduce the number of report definitions that need to be developed and maintained and can be used to make a report appear differently in different circumstances or for different
users.

The Division element's other attributes, **Condition**, **Show Modes**, and **Security Right ID**, which can be used to show and hide the container, are discussed in the following sections.
