---
title: "Logi Security"
id: 4406822422295
section: "Manage - Logi Info v12"
category: "Logi Info"
url: https://devnet.logianalytics.com/hc/en-us/articles/4406822422295-Logi-Security
updated_at: 2022-04-06T06:07:21Z
---

# Logi Security

# Logi Security

Logi Info includes features, collectively called **Logi Security**, for
securely controlling access to reports and data.

The following topics provide an
explanation of the principles behind Logi Security and details of its
implementation:

* [Authentication - Who is the User?](https://devnet.logianalytics.com/hc/en-us/articles/4406817634071-Authentication-Who-is-the-User-#Authentication)
* [Authorization - What is the User Allowed to Do?](https://devnet.logianalytics.com/hc/en-us/articles/4406817635095-Authorization-What-is-the-User-Allowed-to-Do-#Authorization)
* [Adding Security to a Logi Application](https://devnet.logianalytics.com/hc/en-us/articles/4406817633047-Adding-Security-to-a-Logi-Application#Integration)

A companion topic,
[Working with Logi Security](https://devnet.logianalytics.com/hc/en-us/articles/4406818124567-Working-with-Logi-Security), provides more detailed information for developers, and another one,
[Logi Security Scenarios](https://devnet.logianalytics.com/hc/en-us/articles/4406817836055-Logi-Security-Scenarios-), offers step-by-step guidance for implementing security in different
circumstances.

## About Logi Security

Logi Security provides a flexible mechanism for integrating security
features into a Logi application in almost any environment. It lets you
can take advantage of the User and Role/Group identification features in
Microsoft Windows operating systems, including NT Security and Active
Directory domain security, and in other LDAP-based and custom-built
security systems.

The Logi Security implementation utilizes the traditional concepts of user
*authentication* and *authorization*, which are discussed in
detail in the following sections.

**Security Rights** can be assigned to users and then used within a
Logi application to restrict users access on these levels:

* Report-level - controls access to report pages.
* Element-level - controls access to portions of reports and report
  components, and controls report navigation.
* Row-level - controls access to individual data rows.
* Column-level - controls access to individual data columns.

Logi Security gives you, as the developer, complete control over all
aspects of report usage.

### Working with Logi Add-on Modules

Logi Info Add-on Modules deliver specialized elements and complete
applications to users. All are compliant with Logi Security in general and
may also have unique constants or security rights that enable access to
specific features. Security requirements and settings for add-on modules
are discussed in detail in their configuration documents.

### Working with LDAP

The Lightweight Directory Access Protocol (LDAP), used for querying
hierarchical sets of records, is commonly used to store user and role
information. Microsoft's **Active Directory**, and Oracle's
**OpenDJ**, and Linux **OpenLDAP** are all examples of LDAP
implementations.

In a typical Logi application that uses Logi Security, user credentials
entered via a login page are compared against an LDAP server to
authenticate the user and retrieve role information. Logi Info includes
specialized elements for this purpose, for use with both .NET and Java
applications.

### Order of Operations

When Logi Security is enabled in a Logi application and a report is
browsed, one of the very first things that happens is security processing.
Therefore, it's not possible to give users the option to change
security-related settings, such as the login domain, at runtime. By the
time you could present users with Input controls to select their domain or
choose other options, security processing has already occurred.

### Working with SSL

Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) is the standard security technology for
establishing an encrypted link between a browser and a web server. It
ensures that all data passed between the two remains private and complete.

SSL is implemented as a web server configuration and browsers must be able
to work with it. Because SSL works with the Transport layer, it does not
directly interact with applications. Generally, Logi applications work
well with, and are independent of, SSL implementations. No special
configuration of a Logi application is required to allow it to work with
SSL.

### Working with Network Access Servers

Companies that implement central authentication servers using protocols
such as TACACS+ and RADIUS will have no difficulty using Logi
applications. These protocols, used along with network access servers,
generally serve as gatekeepers for access to networks and servers at the
communications level. Once access has been granted, the traffic and
content from the web servers used to distribute Logi reports operate
normally.

In general, security servers that maintain centralized security
credentials for users *may* be accessible as a direct source of
credentials for Logi applications. As discussed earlier in the
publication, Logi security can work with custom SQL databases that contain
security data.

However, the availability of access to these databases, encryption schemes
used on the stored data, and other factors make it impossible to state
unequivocally that Logi security can access centralized security data in
all environments.

### FIPS Compatibility

Logi Security is compatible with Federal Information Processing Standards
(FIPS) security. Specifically, it will work correctly when a user's local
or global security policy has its System Cryptography setting configured
to "Use FIPS compliant algorithms for encryption, hashing, and
signing".

## Sample Security Applications

Report-, element-, and record-level security, and three different
authentication schemes, can be found in [Sample App Descriptions](https://devnet.logianalytics.com/hc/en-us/articles/4406822294935-Sample-App-Descriptions) or on the [DevNet Sample Apps page](https://devnet.logianalytics.com/hc/en-us/sections/360008401293-Samples).
