---
title: "Logi Info Error Messages"
id: 4406816925335
section: "Manage - Logi Info v12"
category: "Logi Info"
url: https://devnet.logianalytics.com/hc/en-us/articles/4406816925335-Logi-Info-Error-Messages
updated_at: 2024-04-29T16:38:03Z
---

# Logi Info Error Messages

# Logi Info Error Messages

This topic describes selected error messages generated by the Logi
Engine and web server.

* Logi Engine Error Messages
* [Web Server Error Messages](#Server)

## Logi Engine Error Messages

*"Access denied for user 'xyz'"*  
 This is typically the result of a failure to connect to a database or
server using the supplied credentials. Try using another method outside of
your Logi application to manually connect directly, using the same
credentials, to verify that they're still valid.

*"Chart definition could not be loaded"*  
 This error is commonly seen when the user session has ended or changed,
preventing the cache file from being found. There is also a known issue
with Windows Server 2012 R2 and Windows updates KB3007507 or KB3000850.
These updates can incorrectly trigger within your server causing all the
cache files to be removed. Contact Logi Support for additional
information.

*"Culture 'xx-XX' is not supported"*  
This error is most often caused by the user's browser not being
configured for the indicated language setting. You may be able to resolve
it by installing the appropriate language pack on your server, or by using
a
Globalization element
(see [The \_Settings Definition](https://devnet.logianalytics.com/hc/en-us/articles/4406817850903-The-Settings-Definition)) to override the user's browser culture setting. It's also a known issue
for Logi Info versions earlier than 11.4.

*"Dashboard/Panel elements must have a unique ID. <panel ID>
is duplicated"*  
 This error is displayed when Dashboard Panel elements are not given
*unique* element IDs. When working with Dashboards and Extra Gallery
Files, this error will also be displayed if the element IDs of Dashboard
Panel elements used in the dashboard and of those panels saved in the
gallery file aren't *unique*.

*"Element has not been rendered"*  
This error message can occur when exporting to PDF using SSL and the
charts being exported do not have a specific height and width set. Set a
specific height and width for the charts.

*"Error occurred while parsing EntityName"*  
This error is caused by an XML parsing error, most often due to a special
character, such as an unencoded "&", in the data. Ajax
refreshes are particularly vulnerable to this. Solutions include
identifying the character and replacing it the datalayer with an encoded
version, for example replacing & with &amp; in a SQL query or by
using a Calculated Column on the datalayer.

*"Index was outside the bounds of the array"*  
 This is a generic error that could be caused by a variety of problems,
including the data that's being returned, and configuration or
customization changes made within the application. It's often caused by
invalid configurations or data with PDF exports. You can try remarking
different sections or elements in your definition in order to isolate and
identify the offending element, and then check its attributes. Contact
Logi Support for further assistance in debugging and resolving the
issue.

*"Invalid URI: The format of the URI could not be
determined"*  
 This error can occur when working with a wizard that retrieves the data
columns for a table, chart, etc. When the wizard runs, it attempts to
execute the current report definition in order to retrieve the data and
its schema. If the report definition lacks critical configuration values,
the wizard fails and this error message appears. Typical issues include
missing data table IDs, errors in SQL queries, andmissing request
tokens needed for expressions. To find the offending issue, try Previewing
the report to get a more specific error message.

*"Name cannot begin with the 'x' character, hexadecimal value
0xnn*
Certain reserved characters are expected to be encoded within your data
for XHTML to be compiled correctly, including:

| Name | Normal | Encoded |
| --- | --- | --- |
| apostrophe | ' | &apos; |
| ampersand | & | &amp; |
| quote | " | &quot; |
| less than | < | &lt; |
| greater than | > | &gt; |

If the unencoded versions of these characters are found in the data,
especially during an Ajax refresh, an error will occur.  
*"rdProcess request parameter not supplied, or is empty."*  
 A URL was issued to call a Process task, possibly using Action.Process,
but it did not include a value for the *rdProcess* query string
argument. Typical causes include:

* Failure to properly configure the Action.Process element attributes
  (no Process Definition File value).
* URL request parameters that exceed the
  query string limits
  of the browser or server.
  For more information, see the Query String Limits section of [Pass Information](https://devnet.logianalytics.com/hc/en-us/articles/4406817772951-Pass-Information).
* If you're using a
  Startup Process, a bug is causing the named task to fail to execute. For more information, see[The \_Settings Definition](https://devnet.logianalytics.com/hc/en-us/articles/4406817850903-The-Settings-Definition).
* Invalid SQL statement used with Event Logging.

*"Security is enabled, but the current user cannot be
determined"*  
 When using AuthNT security, IIS must be configured to pass the currently
logged-in user ID to the Logi Info application. This is done by adding or
enabling Windows Security through the IIS Authentication settings. This
error indicates that Anonymous Authentication has not been
*disabled* and/or Windows Authentication has not been
*enabled* in IIS for the application.

*"Selected folder does not appear to be a valid Logi Info
application folder"*  
 Logi Studio is unable to open the designated folder as a Logi application
because it lacks one or more standard child folders, such as
bin,
rdTemplate, or
rdDataCache, or root files. The folder(s) may not exist or file access permissions
may not be set properly on them. One easy solution is to give the Everyone
group *Full Control* file access permissions for the Logi application
folder (and all of its child folders and files). For more information, see
[File Access Permissions](https://devnet.logianalytics.com/hc/en-us/articles/4406817456407-File-Access-Permissions).

*"There was an error calling a plugin. Exception has been thrown by
the target of an invocation."*  
 This frequently occurs if the element that calls the plug-in has been
configured incorrectly, refer to the documentation for the correct values.
Another common cause is that the file access permissions for the folder
that contains the plug-in are incorrect - try setting them to grant
"Full Control" to the Everyone group. The
Debug Trace Page's
inner stack trace should provide additional information about the nature
of the error, see [Debug Reports](https://devnet.logianalytics.com/hc/en-us/articles/4406817355543-Debug-Reports).

*"There was an error calling a plugin. There was an error inside a
plugin."*  
 If this error occurred when first using an add-on module, such as the
SSRM/SSM, or the InfoGo application, you may have a version mismatch.
Ensure that the
proper versions
of Logi Info and add-on modules are installed, see [Add-on Modules](https://devnet.logianalytics.com/hc/en-us/articles/4406817584791-Add-on-Modules). Another cause can be
corrupted bookmark or goCollection files.
Otherwise, if you've written your own custom plug-in and receive this
message, it's an indication that there's something wrong in your plug-in
code. The
Debug Trace Page
will offer more detailed information about the cause of the error, see [Debug Reports](https://devnet.logianalytics.com/hc/en-us/articles/4406817355543-Debug-Reports). Check
the
.NET plug-in (see [Create .NET Plug-in](https://devnet.logianalytics.com/hc/en-us/articles/4406817211031-Create-NET-Plug-in))
and
Java plug-in (see
[Create a Java Plug-in](https://devnet.logianalytics.com/hc/en-us/articles/4406822210071-Create-a-Java-Plug-in)) documentation for guidance in debugging your code. The AddDebugMessage()
method available in the rdServerObject is especially useful for inserting
your own debug information into the Debug Trace Page during
development.

*"Wizard cannot continue. Data at the root level is invalid: Line
1, position 1."*  
 This error occurs when using the Theme Editor in Logi Studio, when the
\_Settings definition has been obfuscated. Obfuscation is primarily
designed for deployed versions of an application, not for development
work. The Theme Editor needs to access the \_Settings definition to modify
a theme. De-obfuscate the definition in order to allow the Theme Editor to
work.

*"Wizard cannot continue. Filename: xyz. Error: Cannot write
configuration file"*  
 This error occurs when Logi Studio is trying to register, or update the
version of, a Logi Info application. The most common cause is insufficient
OS file privileges, usually the result of not running Studio as an
Administrator. You can also try giving the "Everyone" group Full
Control security permissions for the application folder.

## Web Server Error Messages

*"Server Error in '/' Application. The resource cannot be found.
HTTP 404."*  
 The web server is unable to find the Logi application. Check the
application's \_Settings definition's **Path** element and ensure that
the Application Path attribute value is correct. When developing on your
own machine, this value should be something like
*http://localhost/yourAppName*
