---
title: "What\u2019s New in v2019.1"
id: 5281618409367
section: "Release Notes"
category: "Exago"
url: https://devnet.logianalytics.com/hc/en-us/articles/5281618409367-What-s-New-in-v2019-1
updated_at: 2023-04-03T17:49:28Z
---

# What’s New in v2019.1

# What’s New in *v2019.1*

Developed with a focus on optimizing performance for both administrators and end-users, Exago *v2019.1* is packed with enhancements that improve back end and front end performance and features that improve the reporting experience. Please also see the **[Performance Enhancements in v2019.1](https://devnet.logianalytics.com/hc/en-us/articles/5281618124055-Performance-Enhancements-in-v2019-1)** topic for in-depth information regarding these features.

## Configuration Optimizations

The web server can now store a portion of the configuration data, which will not be modified at runtime through the API, in static memory. This will allow for quicker session initialization, a smaller memory footprint, and improvements to front end performance with large configurations.

## Formula Sorts in the Database

If enabled, Exago will attempt push all formula sorts to the database instead of running them locally, increasing report execution performance.

## Report Execution Performance Enhancements

Report execution logic has been optimized resulting in an overall improved performance of all report types.

## Building Metadata in Bulk

With the optimizations made to the configuration architecture, the use of metadata for every data object is now strongly encouraged for its added performance enhancements. This feature allows administrators to quickly generate metadata for multiple data objects at once.

## Time Zone Calculation Enhancements

Enjoy an extra hour of sleep at the end of daylight saving time with Exago’s time zone calculation enhancements! With the implementation of the Noda Time library, the **Scheduler** module and **Scheduler Queue** now accurately consider the implications of DST and other non-linear scheduling issues related to geopolitical time zones.

## Show SQL

Preview the full SQL statement that will be sent to the database during execution directly from the **Advanced Report** designer. This feature will also warn the user if the report will not run successfully (for example, in the case of a circular cell reference).

## Dashboard Reflow Added by Default

**Dashboards** can now be set to **Automatically Reposition Tiles**, which dynamically derives an optimal new layout for the **Dashboard** tiles each time the screen is resized.

## Setting Filters and Parameters via the JavaScript API

Add filters, modify prompting filters, and create report-level parameters at runtime via the JavaScript API.

## Boolean Parameters

Boolean data types are now supported for parameters. Users may select *True* or *False* from a dropdown menu when prompted with a parameter of this type. The dropdown option language is also customizable!

## Defaulting Parameters to Null

Parameters of any type may now be defaulted to Null using {null} as its default value. In previous versions, only String parameters could be defaulted to Null.

## Font Dropdown Enhancements

Now searchable, navigable via the arrow keys, and opens to the currently selected font!
