---
title: "Create a Theme"
id: 34933156720141
section: "Composer 25 Developer Tools"
product: "Logi Composer v25"
url: https://logi-composer-v25.insightsoftware.com/hc/en-us/articles/34933156720141-Create-a-Theme
updated_at: 2026-05-26T22:08:23Z
---

# Create a Theme

# Create a Theme

You can create your own themes to use in the Composer UI.

**Create** **a theme**

1. Set up the JSON file that describes your theme. Download and use the JSON files provided with the supplied **modern** and **dark** themes to get started or create your own.

   * To use the JSON files for either the **modern** or **dark** theme as a template for your own, retrieve the theme JSON file using the `/api/customization/themes/name/<name>` API endpoint in a GET request. The following request obtains the JSON for the **modern** theme.

     curl -X GET "http://<ip-address>:<port>/composer/api/customization/themes/name/modern" -H "accept: application/vnd.composer.v3+json"

     where `<ip-address>` is the IP address or host name of your Composer instance and <port> is its port.

     The JSON is provided in the response from the request. You can download the JSON and review and alter it as needed.
   * You can create a JSON file that describes your theme. A sample is provided in [Sample Themes JSON File](https://logi-composer-v25.insightsoftware.com/hc/en-us/articles/34933187638669-Sample-Themes-JSON-File).
2. Use the `/api/customization/themes/`[API endpoint](https://logi-composer-v25.insightsoftware.com/hc/en-us/articles/34933177307533-Themes-API-Endpoint) in a POST request to create the theme. Use the text of your JSON file as the body (`"content": "<string>"`) of the request. Be sure to remove the `"system": true` and `"id": "<string>"` properties from the JSON file before you use it to create a theme. Composer automatically generates an ID for the theme and sets the value of the `"system"` property when the API request to create the theme is processed.

   If you want to specify a master theme, provide the theme name in the `masterThemeID` property. Master themes are optional, but allow you to identify the Composer-supplied theme from which properties should be inherited by a custom theme, if the properties are not specified in the custom theme JSON. Master themes can only be Composer- supplied themes. See [Supplied Themes](https://logi-composer-v25.insightsoftware.com/hc/en-us/articles/34933157421837-Supplied-Themes).

   The following shows a sample request to create a theme based on the supplied **modern** theme, but using the supplied **composer** theme as its master theme.

   **Note:** 
   At this time, you can only tailor theme colors. Other tailoring properties (such as fonts or font sizes) should not be changed.

   curl -X POST "<ip-address>:<port>/composer/api/customization/themes" -H "accept: application/vnd.composer.v3+json" -H "Content-Type: application/json" -d "{ \"masterThemeId\": \"composer\", \"name\": \"<theme-name>\", \"content\": { <JSONcontent> } }

   where `<ip-address>` is the IP address or host name of your Composer instance, `<port>` is its port, `<theme-name>` is the name of your new theme, and `<JSONcontent>` is the JSON content for your theme.

   After the theme is successfully created, it shows up in the list of available themes when one is generated (see [List Themes](https://logi-composer-v25.insightsoftware.com/hc/en-us/articles/34933202083341-List-Themes)) and it can be updated and patched (see [Update a Theme](https://logi-composer-v25.insightsoftware.com/hc/en-us/articles/34933157488013-Update-a-Theme) and [Patch a Theme](https://logi-composer-v25.insightsoftware.com/hc/en-us/articles/34933187960973-Patch-a-Theme)). It can also be deleted (see [Delete a Theme](https://logi-composer-v25.insightsoftware.com/hc/en-us/articles/34933177508877-Delete-a-Theme)). However, it will not be used by the Composer UI until it has been activated (see [Activate a Theme](https://logi-composer-v25.insightsoftware.com/hc/en-us/articles/34933171443341-Activate-a-Theme)).
