---
title: "WildFly 8 / 9 / 10"
id: 4406817690007
section: "Install, Upgrade, & Remove - Logi Info v12"
category: "Logi Info"
url: https://devnet.logianalytics.com/hc/en-us/articles/4406817690007-WildFly-8-9-10
updated_at: 2022-04-06T06:07:36Z
---

# WildFly 8 / 9 / 10

# WildFly 8 / 9 / 10

JBoss has been rebranded as WildFly. It *requires* JDK 1.8+ or OpenJDK 8+.

For Widfly 8 and 9, use Step 1 below to deploy and use JBoss 7: Steps 2-5 to configure.

The following configuration details apply for WildFly 10:

1. Auto-deploy is used with this server so either manually or through Logi Studio's New Application wizard, give the root folder for your Logi application a .war file extension. Ensure that this folder is placed inwhatever folder you've configured as your auto-deploy folder, for example: wildfly-10.0.0.Final/standalone/deployments/myLogiApp.war. In addition, create
an empty marker (text) file named myLogiApp.war.dodeploy in the same folder.

2. Set the Java options by editing $JBOSS\_HOME/bin/run.conf so that it includes:

-Xmx4096m  
-XX:CompileThreshold=8000  
 -Djava.awt.headless=true

And run $JBOSS\_HOME/bin/standalone.conf.bat.

3. Edit *<LogiAppFolder>/*WEB-INF/web.xml and add the following:

<context-param>  
 <param-name>org.jboss.jbossfaces.WAR\_BUNDLES\_JSF\_IMPL</param-name>  
 <param-value>true</param-value>  
</context-param>

4. Edit the deployment-scanner attribute in $JBOSS\_HOME/standalone/configuration/standalone.xml to be:

<deployment-scanner scan-interval="5000" relative-to="jboss.server.base.dir" path="deployments" auto-deploy-zipped="true" auto-deploy-exploded="false"/>

5. If your WildFly server isn't capable of dynamic deployment, or you're not sure about the server settings, restart your WildFly server, using bin/standalone.sh.

6. Use a specific port and parameter when browsing the Logi applications. For example:

http://localhost:port#/yourLogiApp/rdpage.aspx?rdReport=Default

and be sure to use the correct case-sensitive spelling of the Logi report definition file name, e.g. Default vs default.
