---
title: "Word Template"
id: 4406818055191
section: "Reports - Logi Info v12"
category: "Logi Info"
url: https://devnet.logianalytics.com/hc/en-us/articles/4406818055191-Word-Template
updated_at: 2022-04-06T06:09:55Z
---

# Word Template

# Word Template

A Logi template definition acts as a
"blueprint" showing how the Word template will be filled by the
Logi Server Engine at runtime. Filling a Word template with data starts
with the creation of the Word template; once it has been created, three
more steps are required.

The following topics discuss how to create and use a Logi Template definition
with Microsoft Word templates:

* [Adding a Word Template to Your Application](https://devnet.logianalytics.com/hc/en-us/articles/4406822611607-Adding-a-Word-Template-to-Your-Application#Adding)
* [Creating a Logi Template Definition](https://devnet.logianalytics.com/hc/en-us/articles/4406818054167-Creating-a-Logi-Template-Definition#Creating)
* [Working with Hierarchical Data](https://devnet.logianalytics.com/hc/en-us/articles/4406818056215-Working-with-Hierarchical-Data#Working)

For information about how to *call* Template definitions from within
Logi applications, see
[Form-based Reporting](https://devnet.logianalytics.com/hc/en-us/articles/4406817473943-Form-based-Reporting).

## About Templates

The term "template" applies here in several different ways, so
let's clarify its use at the outset:

* A **Word template** is a special variety of Microsoft Word document,
  saved as either a *.dotx* or a *.dot* file, depending on your
  version of Word. It looks like the finished document but without any
  data; it has form fields reserved for the data. This is also referred to
  in the document as the "target template".
* A Logi Info **Template definition** is an *.lgx file*, similar
  to a Report or Process definition, created with Logi Studio. It's a set
  of instructions to the Logi Server Engine to retrieve data and it maps
  that data into the fields in the target template.
* Other uses of "template", such as Word document formatting
  templates or Avery Label templates, *do not* apply in this
  document.

The rest of this topic assumes that you've already created your Word
template.
